I know breaking up sucks but you know
what's even worth wasting a night in New
York City to be single go get us some
drinks no you don't buy the drinks boys
buy the drinks
not with this wallet okay this sausage
wallet don't know why I just said y'all
you all would have taken just as much
time oh my god can I have two margaritas
this is not my apartment sorry you were
great last night was I your pretty girl
this is New York City there's like a
billion people outside that door and
every male female friendship is total
number of drinks for five and if you hit
that it means you would definitely have
sex if I had more than five drinks I'd
hook up with you
one drink number is 27 I wouldn't even
touch myself on less than 24 I'm gonna
one-night stand what about the guy over
there no he's too young
I'm Jim is this one of those fetish
things where you're like a foot fetish
am I the foot do you want be the foot
no drama
we have to be at work in like 40 minutes
I can do this in 20
step 1 that stuff is for baby babies
with hangovers
are we good payment accepted let's go if
so I'll text you wait for hours to
respond and if you use an emoji I will
tip punch you
no emoji Oh the thing about being single
is you should cherish it having a moment
you really need to get that taken care
of what do you mean I barely have any
hair she's classy legs there's a reason
I stopped watching duck dynasty is that
Tom Hanks from castaway seriously it's
like Gandalf is staring right at me no
penis sure puss